README.md, before:

<h1 align='center'> Neovim Install Script </h1>
<h6 align='center'> By: Ailson Guedes </h6>

<p align='center'>Shell script made to automate the process to install Neovim with my personal configs.</p>

<div align='center'>
  <a href="https://neovim.io/" target="_blank">
      <img src="./img/neovim_logo.png" width="150" height="150" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash" target="_blank">
      <img src="./img/bash_logo.png" width="150" height="150" />
  </a>
</div>

## 🔧 Tools:

-   GNU Bash: A command line interpreter known between others translators for user to operational systems, known by shell.

## 💻 How to Run:

- This project was made to install my Neovim configs in Manjaro Linux.
- Feel free to modify this script to uso in distro of your choice.

1. Turn this script in executable file:

  ```shell
    chmod +x projectname.sh
  ```

2. Run this projec (Linux):

- Go to the script file path via terminal.

- Run the command below in your terminal.

  ```shell
    ./projectname
  ```

3. Wait the script run time.

4. Check the init.vim file in Neovim config path.

5. Finally, use the command `PlugInstall` in Neovim to install this configs.

## 🙏 Contributions:

Feel free to contribute to thiw project and, if you have any questions, please contact me.

- Email: [ailsonsixseven@gmail.com](mailto:ailsonsixseven@gmail.com)

Commit message:

docs(README.md) comment about toggleterm install

README.md, after:

<h1 align='center'> Neovim Install Script </h1>
<h6 align='center'> By: Ailson Guedes </h6>

<p align='center'>Shell script made to automate the process to install Neovim with my personal configs.</p>

<div align='center'>
  <a href="https://neovim.io/" target="_blank">
      <img src="./img/neovim_logo.png" width="150" height="150" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash" target="_blank">
      <img src="./img/bash_logo.png" width="150" height="150" />
  </a>
</div>

## 🔧 Tools:

-   GNU Bash: A command line interpreter known between others translators for user to operational systems, known by shell.

## 💻 How to Run:

- This project was made to install my Neovim configs in Manjaro Linux.
- Feel free to modify this script to uso in distro of your choice.

1. Turn this script in executable file:

  ```shell
    chmod +x projectname.sh
  ```

2. Run this projec (Linux):

- Go to the script file path via terminal.

- Run the command below in your terminal.

  ```shell
    ./projectname
  ```

3. Wait the script run time.

4. Check the init.vim file in Neovim config path.

5. Finally, use the command `PlugInstall` in Neovim to install this configs.

*PS: remember to install lua lang so that you can install toggleterm correctly.*

## 🙏 Contributions:

Feel free to contribute to thiw project and, if you have any questions, please contact me.

- Email: [ailsonsixseven@gmail.com](mailto:ailsonsixseven@gmail.com)
